---
layout: post
title: dial-up
author:
  display_name: sesam
  login: sesam
  email: petersz@me.com
  url: http://sesam.hu
date: '2002-08-06 17:59:00 +0200'
date_gmt: '2002-08-06 18:59:00 +0200'
tags:
- Tech &amp; Gizmos
comments: []
---

I came home. Yehaw, I am home! Damn, I am home, where I have no decent net-access. The situation of internet access in Hungary is ridiculous or catastrophic. Depends on where you live. Generally there is broadband connection, which is limited to 15 Gbytes of data-transport per month. Or one can chose ADSL. Seems nice? Well, it isn't. ADSL and Broadband are available in around 10 big cities. (However big my hometown is, there still isn't any ADSL.) As a result 90% of the Hungarian citizens have no other choice but dial-up. It wouldn't be that bad if it weren't darn expensive. Monthly fee towards the ISP is 16$ for a full-time access. Sounds good? Hehe, well the problem is with the telephone fee, which is: 280$ per month if you play only after six pm. (Consider that an average wage in hungary is like 500-800$ per month!) And our politicians always whine that no one is buying on the net, the number of net users shrink, etc.

Why is this so? Well, because we have only one telephone service we can 'choose' from. {Matáv} (Hungarian Telecommunications) is the only telephone service provider available. Ubernice.

To help people the Government has recently started to do something. They offered money for Matáv to decrease some of its fees. Well this resulted in some new configurations subscribers can chose from. A 15-hour-net-pack (10$) and a 40-hour-net-pack (34$) was established. Yes, one can surf 40 (!) hours for 'only' 34$!! Wow.

I don't know what I will do. How am I supposed to play Anarchy Online this way? Damn it. :(
