---
layout: post
title: Voltaren
author:
  display_name: sesam
  login: sesam
  email: petersz@me.com
  url: http://sesam.hu
date: '2006-05-18 22:05:04 +0200'
date_gmt: '2006-05-18 13:05:04 +0200'
tags:
- Japan
- Human Interest
comments: []
---

To quote classics: " _Don't panic!_ " sesamhu is not turning into English only. I am more or less alternating between the two languages, to keep it reader-friendly as well as having my own fun. As a trade-off you can expect to see more frequent posting, so the net amount of Hungarian posts should remain unchanged. (If it was entirely up to me, I'd use all four languages I know, and any other I don't in the very same post, but something tells me that would result in a steep decrease in popularity.)

I should say the fact that I had received my tooth after the extraction didn't really entertain my female fellows here. Giving some thought to the question what to do with it actually, I jokingly mentioned to make a necklace. To which Magdi responded with the very amusing expression **woman repellant**. I believe it is from [Friends](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0108778).

As for the medication, I did a little research. I got Voltaren ([ボルタレン](http://health.goo.ne.jp/medicine/search/detail.html?id=177&mode=1&searchword=%A5%DC%A5%EB%A5%BF%A5%EC%A5%F3&kind=0&type=1&offset=0)) as painkiller, and Meiact ([メイアクト](http://health.goo.ne.jp/medicine/search/3836_1/me/0/indexdetail.html)) and Lorcam ([ロルカム](http://health.goo.ne.jp/medicine/search/detail.html?id=347&mode=1&searchword=%A5%ED%A5%EB%A5%AB%A5%E0&kind=0&type=1&offset=0)) against suppuration and inflammation. We are usually told that Japanese medicine is quite different from the Western. Since I'm no expert whatsoever, there is no way for me to decide if that's in line with the "only we've got four seasons" stuff or actually true. As long as the medication works, I'm OK either way. (And seemingly it does: the painkiller proved to be very effective.)

Also I have to make a correction about the doorstep of Buddhist temples. It represents not only the shoulder of your father, but both of your parents ( _oya_ 親) as Magdi was kind to point out. Not to wander far from dental topics, there is an insteresting name in Japanese for your third molar, a.k.a. wisdom tooth apart from the literal translation _chieba_ (知恵歯) which is _oyashirazu_ (親知らず). It translates roughly to "that your parents don't know". It originates form the fact that with people dying fairly early before, it was likely your parents were already deceased by the time your wisdom teeth came out.
