---
layout: post
title: Fukitol
author:
  display_name: sesam
  login: sesam
  email: petersz@me.com
  url: http://sesam.hu
date: '2009-09-08 18:41:51 +0200'
date_gmt: '2009-09-08 09:41:51 +0200'
tags:
- bicycle
- life
- photography
- QQ
- Japan
- Human Interest
comments:
- id: 2053
  author: Vale
  date: '2009-09-09 00:12:58 +0200'
  date_gmt: '2009-09-08 15:12:58 +0200'
  content: |-
    oh, following a little mishap in a morning after a pretty wild karaoke night the tyre of my bike was dead. i had to buy a new one, and with my 3 weeks of japanese studies, that was fun (naturally i did not look up the words in the dictionary, why would've i). after explaining that i was looking for the thing inside the round thing (literally), it turned out it was called "tube". nice.
    i know about that feeling when they look at you as if you were a rotting roach, the problem is i get that feeling with some of the teachers in school...
---

Getting rid of my stuff is not really working out as I have planned.

Yesterday I went to have my bicycle fixed. I had to get a valve adapter first because - obviously - my bike had a different valve than the Japanese standard. It was fairly easy after I figured out that my valve is called "French". (Ever tried asking for something at a store that you didn't actually know the name of?)

The bike was outside the whole winter and it looked like that. I am a pretty bad bicycle owner it seems. At least I managed to snatch one of the two stalls that have a makeshift roof - still almost all the screws were covered in rust. I spent an hour or so in the blazing sun cleaning the parts as well as I could then pushed the bike to the store to put some air in the tyres.

I haven't ridden fifty meters from the store when at a stop sign the chain broke. At least I was close to help: I crawled back and asked for the chain to be fixed. Funnily enough the store owner was either born with a frown or he hates foreigners but he regarded me all along as one might look at a particularly disgusting roach. It was quite a change after all the bowing and pleasantries of the usual Japanese way of treating customers.

I ended up paying ¥1.500. (He could have said five hundred or forty-five hundred for all I know - very convenient if you want to skin a rich American foreigner.) He also told me off for having too much grease on the chain. Like I said I'm not very well versed in bicycle maintenance.

Anyway, today I set off to look at stores that might buy some of my household appliances and books. I learned fast that no bookstore ever buys textbooks for some unfathomable reason so that option's out. And then on the way to the recycle shop my chain broke _again_. The closest bicycle shop I knew about was close to my ex-dorm but I only arrived there to find a notice that it has permanently closed business.

This is where I said [Fukitol](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBb5v1sJhuU).

I locked the bike up at the dorm. (Conveniently it boasts the sticker that is needed to park there and the room number is nicely blurred.) I took the rest of the afternoon to take pictures for [the daily photo blog](http://sesam.tumblr.com) and buy food at Sannomiya.

If life gives you lemons find a small child with open wounds.
